do you want a super simple hack to
generate daily leads from linkedin hey
i'm sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host of the top 100
marketing podcast business growth show
all right so i'm going to share with you
a super easy way to get leads daily from
linkedin so all you need to do is log
into your linkedin account
go on to the search tool and you simply
need to
type in
recommend
and then the service that you provide so
let's use
recommend
video
rougher
as an example
and you need to go on to post
and then
sort by
and click latest
and click show results
and then it's going to bring up a list
of all the people
from most recent
first
that have
posted something with the keyword
recommended videographer in so let's say
you're a video expert and you want to
find some prospects want to find some
warm leads you just type this in
and here we go straight away we can see
if i click on this one 36 minutes ago
someone's looking for a videographer
videographer
in november so quite soon
what you can do then
is you can put a direct comment on the
post
um relevant to what they're asking for
so hey here's a link to my website i'm
going to send you a connection request
i'd love to see if we can help something
simple like that
and then you can actually go onto the
person's profile
and send them a custom
connection request as well or a
personalized connection request as they
call it on linkedin
say
hit connect add a note and again hey see
you're looking for a videographer in
november would love to have a chat and
see if we can help you with this
something short snappy to the point
another thing you can do is you don't
have to put recommends other ones you
can try as looking
for
videographer let's see if anything comes
up
and then again once you typed in and
press search you go to posts
you go to sort by click latest show
results
and again similar ones come up
and here's another one that was posted
four hours ago
looking for freelance videographers and
content creators so this can work for
any industry any industry pretty much in
the b2b space and some b2c spaces too
you literally just need to go on the
search tool type in recommend
and then your
service type your your vertical your
industry if you're an accountant or if
you provide crm whatever it may be or
you can type in looking for or need help
with and then your keyword and then it's
gonna you filter it to latest you filter
it to posts
and then you can
see all the warm leads connect with the
people and start getting a daily stream
of inbound
qualified opportunities and there we
have it that is how you can easily
generate a steady stream of leads by
using linkedin and the search facility
tool
i've got a special offer i'm giving away
my linkedin guide that shares how i
generate over six figures in sales with
linkedin each and every year it shares
my strategy across posting content
across finding leads across gaining
referral across leveraging your network
many other points to building your
personal brand and generating a steady
flow of inbound sales opportunities to
grow your business with linkedin you can
get it for free
for a limited time from
linkedinbook.com that's linkedin
book.com as always if you enjoyed
today's episode hit that subscribe
button and we should catch you on the
next one